Major release 10.0.0 (#494)
ansible-collections/cisco.iosxr: CHANGELOG.rst

.. contents:: Topics

v10.0.0
=======

Release Summary
---------------

> Starting from this release, the minimum `ansible-core` version this collection requires is `2.14.0`. The last known version compatible with ansible-core<2.14 is `v6.1.1`. A new resource module `iosxr_vrf_global` is added to manage VRF global configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from this release, the minimum `ansible-core` version this collection requires is `2.15.0`. The last known version compatible with ansible-core<2.14 is `v9.0.0`. A new resource module `iosxr_vrf_global` is added to manage VRF global configurations.
```
